Be honest
Mr. He will be here soon
I'm already married.
I will not marry Mr. He
What if you are married?
A poor migrant worker with no right and no shame
Mr. He's words made him disappear completely in Yuncheng
But I don't only recognize him as a husband in my life
Gu Qingqing
If you miss your poor husband so much
We could send someone to beat him to death now
Let you marry Mr. He without worry
How did it go?
After all, you are just a lowly migrant worker
I pinched him to death
It's as easy as pinching an ant to death
Don't be emotional
Gu Xinxin
I advise you not to wait for your useless husband
Serve Mr. He well
From now on, you can walk sideways in Yuncheng
The bride is here
Why did you tie up my bride?
Let's go Qingqing
He is getting married for the first time.
reluctant to leave home
I tied him up
Is that because the relationship is not cultivated properly?
You go out
I nurture feelings for the bride
Ok ok let's go
Why are the Hu family so unsympathetic to Xiangxiyu?
How do you treat my dear?
Don't cry, your husband loves you.